alright well it's Monday and wings
apparently is busy cuz he's not
answering this phone so I'm down a
little creek here setting up to just run
some basically bank run material here ah
got the old triple little buddy with me
and I've set it up right here in the
creek and I will be digging in this bed
rock right here now the far side of the
bed rock as you can see i have started
digging down in here pretty penny she
ready yeah but you can see i have
surgery today can follow the year the
bedrock down right along this area and
thus far the gold has been really good i
did five but little half half size
buckets or the three gallon buckets of
material the other day and you would be
amazed amount of gold i got out and as a
matter of fact i'll be showing you that
gold here just a little bit later right
now i'm getting ready to start digging
again so i'm going to get after it then
we'll see what kind of gold comes out
today all right now let's see I promised
to show you the gold that I got the day
before yesterday and this is it I'm
going to do a reveal right because it's
a real I say you die you 53 gallon
buckets of material and out of that I
got this
you notice the gold starting to show up
as I just as I tap and shake liquid rock
gold is that gorgeous or what all right
watch your shuttle on the side I'm
trying to you okay all right okay now
I'm gonna show everybody a little trick
as you see I'm dropping this stuff back
and the gold is staying in the black
sands are kind of dropping down to the
bottom of the pan you can only do that
so much and then you end up with a very
tiny amount of black sand and your gold
the way to get past that is to put a
little water over the top of your up
your gold and then tap your pan on the
side and you notice the gold is just
walking right out of the black sands
there and this is a lot of going to walk
out of the legs ass there's a shadow
right okay and over here there we go bad
Diane operating with the camera today
this is her first day of being a
camerawoman so we're cutting her some
slack a lot of it a lot of slack sounds
good in any case you could see how how
easy it is to walk your gold out of the
black sands and then you could end up
with some very very nice clean gold all
right ok that's the pan from day before
yesterday how now get the pan that I
just came back from working and did for
more buckets and I got some more gold so
will show that in a second all right now
I go back to my other pan of material
here this is the stuff I got today only
did four three gallon buckets but let's
take a look and see how we did tap the
edge of the pan spread everything out oh
boy look at that mmm does that look good
or what
unfortunately with a black pan and gold
in sunlight it does not show up the
color of the gold that well that your
service shows that is a right right
flash in the pan there alright so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to step
into some open shade over here and we'll
see if we can make this look a little
bit better it back up okay I think
you're a to close babe how do you do
right see you can always come in with
the zoo right okay far as we can go oh
you're as white as you can be knows as
zoomed in as you can be no it's I have
all the way to zoom all the way to zoom
girl all the way yeah okay all right as
is it in focus mm-hmm okay all right I'm
going to stay here in the and in the
shade kind of semi she ate here which
should show a better bit of gold anyway
who cares what the heck that's close
enough it's cold hey there's the gold so
a real good day today a good day two
days ago I may go back to that same
place it is st. Patrick's Day I'm not
wearing green neither you I'm going to
pinch my wife now
you